Resolving Issue #5010 (#5094)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/networkqospolicy-csp.md

<p style="margin-left: 20px">The supported operations are Add, Get, Delete, and Replace.

> # Related Links

Reviewer: I am fairly sure "Related Links" and "Related topics" should have a 2nd level heading, not a page title (Level 1).
I also recommend using "Related topics" because the following line already uses the word "links".
```suggestion
## Related topics
```

> Found out the XML DDF structure to create this policy on the following links:

Reviewer: The expression "Found out" is typically an informal, oral or forum-phrased idiom, also it does not work properly in this sentence.
There are more than one option to use to make a coherent sentence here. I will start with suggesting one of them.
```suggestion
Read more about the XML DDF structure to create this policy by following the links below:
```
(JohanFreelancer9 may very well have a better suggestion for this line.)

> - [More Information about DDF and structure](./networkqospolicy-ddf)

Reviewer 2: @j0rt3g4 - the link for [More Information about DDF and structure](./networkqospolicy-ddf) is giving a 404 error. Please check on this and do the necessary changes.

> - [More Information about DDF and structure](./networkqospolicy-ddf.md)

Reviewer: Try this format instead:
```suggestion
- [More Information about DDF and structure](networkqospolicy-ddf.md)
```

> - [CSP DDF files download](configuration-service-provider-reference.md#csp-ddf-files-download).

Reviewer 2: @j0rt3g4 - Is there supposed to be a period at the end? Please merge this commit if the period is unnecessary. Thanks.
```suggestion
- [CSP DDF files download](configuration-service-provider-reference.md#csp-ddf-files-download)
```

Reviewer 3: Agree

Author: It's done @JohanFreelancer9 @mypil
